Run hooks with websockets and rewrite ws headers (#292)
fastify/fastify-http-proxy: README.md

## websocket

This module has _partial_ support for forwarding websockets by passing a

> `websocket` option. 

Reviewer: Can you clarify what the `websocket` option is? An object? An array? It is stated for the other options in the documentation.

Author: I've improved the docs.

Multiple websocket proxies may be attached to the same HTTP server at different paths.
In this case, only the first `wsServerOptions` is applied.

A few things are missing:

1. request id logging
2. support `ignoreTrailingSlash`
3. forwarding more than one subprotocols. Note: Only the first subprotocol is being forwarded

Pull requests are welcome to finish this feature.

## `wsClientOptions`

> When specified `wsClientOptions` , the object is passed throught to the [`WebSocket` constructor](https://github.com/websockets/ws/blob/HEAD/doc/ws.md#class-websocket).
> 
> It also support an additional `rewriteRequestHeaders(headers, request)` function that can be used to write the headers before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When specified, the `wsClientOptions` object is passed to the [`WebSocket` constructor](https://github.com/websockets/ws/blob/HEAD/doc/ws.md#class-websocket).

It also supports an additional `rewriteRequestHeaders(headers, request)` function that can be used to write the headers before
```
